README.md, before:

# DimaBot

DimaBot is a feature-rich Twitch chat bot designed to enhance streams with a wide range of commands, moderation tools, and interactive features. It is highly customizable and integrates with various services to provide a seamless experience for both streamers and viewers.

The bot is powered by a Node.js backend and communicates with Twitch chat via TMI.js. It also includes a web server built with Express, which serves an API for the [domdimabot.com](https://domdimabot.com) website, where users can register and manage their bot settings.

## Features

-   **Command System:** A robust command system with a wide range of default commands and the ability to create custom commands.
-   **Moderation:** Tools to help moderate your channel, including adding/removing moderators and VIPs, banning users, and more.
-   **AI Integration:** Integration with Google Gemini to provide an AI-powered chat personality that can interact with users and perform moderation tasks.
-   **Interactive Commands:** Fun and interactive commands like duels, polls, predictions, and various "meters" (`amor`, `furrometro`, `sumimetro`).
-   **Song Requests:** Integration with Spotify for song requests.
-   **EventSub Support:** Handles Twitch EventSub notifications for events like follows, subscriptions, and raids.
-   **Web Dashboard:** A web-based dashboard (via `domdimabot.com`) for easy configuration and management.
-   **File Storage:** Uses AWS S3 for storing files related to triggers and other features.
-   **Caching:** Utilizes DragonflyDB (Redis-compatible) for caching to ensure fast response times.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or higher recommended)
-   [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
-   [DragonflyDB](https://www.dragonflydb.io/) or [Redis](https://redis.io/)
-   An AWS account with an S3 bucket
-   A Google Gemini API key

## Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/dimabot.git
    cd dimabot
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Configuration

The application is configured using environment variables. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project and add the following variables:

```env
# General
PRODUCTION=0 # 1 for production, 0 for development

# Twitch Bot Account Credentials
TWITCH_USERNAME=your_bot_twitch_username
User_Token_Auth=oauth:your_twitch_oauth_token # Get from https://twitchapps.com/tmi/

# Database
MONGO_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/dimabot

# Cache (DragonflyDB/Redis)
DRAGONFLY_PORT=6379
DRAGONFLY_HOST=127.0.0.1

# AI (Google Gemini)
GOOGLE_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key

# AWS S3
S3_REGION=your_s3_bucket_region
S3_ENDPOINT=s3.amazonaws.com # or your custom endpoint
S3_ACCESS_KEY=your_s3_access_key
S3_SECRET_KEY=your_s3_secret_key
S3_BUCKET=your_s3_bucket_name
S3_PUBLIC_URL=https://your_s3_bucket_name.s3.your_s3_bucket_region.amazonaws.com # Optional
```

## Running the Application

The application consists of two main parts: the web server and the Twitch bot. You can run them in separate terminals.

-   **To run the web server:**
    ```bash
    npm run start
    ```

-   **To run the Twitch bot:**
    ```bash
    npm run bot
    ```

Both will run with `nodemon`, which will automatically restart the application when file changes are detected.

## How to Use (Bot Commands)

The bot responds to commands in the Twitch chat. The default prefix is `!`, but this can be customized. Here is a list of some of the available commands:

| Command               | Description                                                               |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `!addmoderator`       | Adds a user as a moderator in the bot's context.                          |
| `!addvip`             | Adds a user as a VIP in the bot's context.                                |
| `!amor`               | An "love meter" that calculates the love between two users.               |
| `!command`            | Manages custom commands (add, edit, delete).                              |
| `!commandlist`        | Displays a list of all available commands.                                |
| `!countdowntimer`     | Starts a countdown timer in the chat.                                     |
| `!createclip`         | Creates a Twitch clip.                                                    |
| `!disablecommand`     | Disables a command.                                                       |
| `!duel`               | Starts a duel between two users.                                          |
| `!enablecommand`      | Enables a previously disabled command.                                    |
| `!followage`          | Checks how long a user has been following the channel.                    |
| `!furrometro`         | A "furry meter" to check how "furry" a user is.                           |
| `!game`               | Displays or updates the current game being played on stream.              |
| `!mecabe`             | A fun, likely inside-joke command.                                        |
| `!memide`             | A "size meter" command.                                                   |
| `!miyuloot`           | A loot-related command, possibly for a custom game.                       |
| `!onlyemotes`         | Toggles emote-only mode in the chat.                                      |
| `!pechos`             | A "chest meter" command.                                                  |
| `!poll`               | Creates and manages polls in the chat.                                    |
| `!ponerla`            | A fun, likely inside-joke command.                                        |
| `!prediction`         | Creates and manages Twitch predictions.                                   |
| `!promo`              | Promotes another streamer or social media.                                |
| `!removemoderator`    | Removes a user as a moderator in the bot's context.                       |
| `!removevip`          | Removes a user as a VIP in the bot's context.                             |
| `!ruletarusa`         | Starts a game of Russian Roulette.                                        |
| `!shoutout`           | Gives a shoutout to another streamer.                                     |
| `!speach`             | Makes the bot speak a message using text-to-speech.                       |
| `!spotifysongrequest` | Requests a song to be played via Spotify.                                 |
| `!sumimetro`          | A "submissive meter" to check how "submissive" a user is.                 |
| `!timercommand`       | Manages timed commands.                                                   |
| `!title`              | Displays or updates the stream title.                                     |
| `!vanish`             | Makes a user's messages disappear (like a timeout of 1 second).           |

---

This project is the backend for the [domdimabot.com](https://domdimabot.com) website. User registration and bot management are handled through the site. For more detailed information on how to configure specific features, please refer to the website's dashboard once you have registered.

Commit message:

feat: Add test mode functionality for Twitch bot and enhance environment configuration
- Introduced `cross-env` for environment variable management.
- Added `test-bot` script to run the bot in test mode with detailed logging.
- Implemented test mode handling in the bot to log messages without processing commands.
- Updated environment detection to support 'test' mode and modified channel connection logic accordingly.
- Enhanced README with instructions for running the bot in test mode and updated configuration details.
- Added migration script for subscribing channels to `channel.chat.message` event.

README.md, after:

# DimaBot

DimaBot is a feature-rich Twitch chat bot designed to enhance streams with a wide range of commands, moderation tools, and interactive features. It is highly customizable and integrates with various services to provide a seamless experience for both streamers and viewers.

The bot is powered by a Node.js backend and communicates with Twitch chat via TMI.js. It also includes a web server built with Express, which serves an API for the [domdimabot.com](https://domdimabot.com) website, where users can register and manage their bot settings.

## Features

-   **Command System:** A robust command system with a wide range of default commands and the ability to create custom commands.
-   **Moderation:** Tools to help moderate your channel, including adding/removing moderators and VIPs, banning users, and more.
-   **AI Integration:** Integration with Google Gemini to provide an AI-powered chat personality that can interact with users and perform moderation tasks.
-   **Interactive Commands:** Fun and interactive commands like duels, polls, predictions, and various "meters" (`amor`, `furrometro`, `sumimetro`).
-   **Song Requests:** Integration with Spotify for song requests.
-   **EventSub Support:** Handles Twitch EventSub notifications for events like follows, subscriptions, and raids.
-   **Web Dashboard:** A web-based dashboard (via `domdimabot.com`) for easy configuration and management.
-   **File Storage:** Uses AWS S3 for storing files related to triggers and other features.
-   **Caching:** Utilizes DragonflyDB (Redis-compatible) for caching to ensure fast response times.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:

-   [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or higher recommended)
-   [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com/)
-   [DragonflyDB](https://www.dragonflydb.io/) or [Redis](https://redis.io/)
-   An AWS account with an S3 bucket
-   A Google Gemini API key

## Installation

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/your-username/dimabot.git
    cd dimabot
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```

## Configuration

The application is configured using environment variables. Create a `.env` file in the root of the project and add the following variables:

```env
# General
PRODUCTION=0 # 1 for production, 0 for development (deprecated, use ENVIRONMENT instead)
ENVIRONMENT=dev # 'production', 'dev', or 'test'

# Test Environment (only used when ENVIRONMENT=test)
TEST_CHANNELS=channel1,channel2 # Comma-separated list of channels to join in test mode

# Twitch Bot Account Credentials
TWITCH_USERNAME=your_bot_twitch_username
User_Token_Auth=oauth:your_twitch_oauth_token # Get from https://twitchapps.com/tmi/

# Database
MONGO_URI=mongodb://localhost:27017/dimabot

# Cache (DragonflyDB/Redis)
DRAGONFLY_PORT=6379
DRAGONFLY_HOST=127.0.0.1

# AI (Google Gemini)
GOOGLE_GEMINI_API_KEY=your_google_gemini_api_key

# AWS S3
S3_REGION=your_s3_bucket_region
S3_ENDPOINT=s3.amazonaws.com # or your custom endpoint
S3_ACCESS_KEY=your_s3_access_key
S3_SECRET_KEY=your_s3_secret_key
S3_BUCKET=your_s3_bucket_name
S3_PUBLIC_URL=https://your_s3_bucket_name.s3.your_s3_bucket_region.amazonaws.com # Optional
```

## Running the Application

The application consists of two main parts: the web server and the Twitch bot. You can run them in separate terminals.

-   **To run the web server:**
    ```bash
    npm run start
    ```

-   **To run the Twitch bot:**
    ```bash
    npm run bot
    ```

-   **To run the Twitch bot in test mode:**
    ```bash
    npm run test-bot
    ```
    Test mode enables detailed logging of all IRC messages and their tags for debugging purposes. Make sure to set `TEST_CHANNELS` in your `.env` file to specify which channels to join.

Both will run with `nodemon`, which will automatically restart the application when file changes are detected.

## How to Use (Bot Commands)

The bot responds to commands in the Twitch chat. The default prefix is `!`, but this can be customized. Here is a list of some of the available commands:

| Command               | Description                                                               |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `!addmoderator`       | Adds a user as a moderator in the bot's context.                          |
| `!addvip`             | Adds a user as a VIP in the bot's context.                                |
| `!amor`               | An "love meter" that calculates the love between two users.               |
| `!command`            | Manages custom commands (add, edit, delete).                              |
| `!commandlist`        | Displays a list of all available commands.                                |
| `!countdowntimer`     | Starts a countdown timer in the chat.                                     |
| `!createclip`         | Creates a Twitch clip.                                                    |
| `!disablecommand`     | Disables a command.                                                       |
| `!duel`               | Starts a duel between two users.                                          |
| `!enablecommand`      | Enables a previously disabled command.                                    |
| `!followage`          | Checks how long a user has been following the channel.                    |
| `!furrometro`         | A "furry meter" to check how "furry" a user is.                           |
| `!game`               | Displays or updates the current game being played on stream.              |
| `!mecabe`             | A fun, likely inside-joke command.                                        |
| `!memide`             | A "size meter" command.                                                   |
| `!miyuloot`           | A loot-related command, possibly for a custom game.                       |
| `!onlyemotes`         | Toggles emote-only mode in the chat.                                      |
| `!pechos`             | A "chest meter" command.                                                  |
| `!poll`               | Creates and manages polls in the chat.                                    |
| `!ponerla`            | A fun, likely inside-joke command.                                        |
| `!prediction`         | Creates and manages Twitch predictions.                                   |
| `!promo`              | Promotes another streamer or social media.                                |
| `!removemoderator`    | Removes a user as a moderator in the bot's context.                       |
| `!removevip`          | Removes a user as a VIP in the bot's context.                             |
| `!ruletarusa`         | Starts a game of Russian Roulette.                                        |
| `!shoutout`           | Gives a shoutout to another streamer.                                     |
| `!speach`             | Makes the bot speak a message using text-to-speech.                       |
| `!spotifysongrequest` | Requests a song to be played via Spotify.                                 |
| `!sumimetro`          | A "submissive meter" to check how "submissive" a user is.                 |
| `!timercommand`       | Manages timed commands.                                                   |
| `!title`              | Displays or updates the stream title.                                     |
| `!vanish`             | Makes a user's messages disappear (like a timeout of 1 second).           |

---

This project is the backend for the [domdimabot.com](https://domdimabot.com) website. User registration and bot management are handled through the site. For more detailed information on how to configure specific features, please refer to the website's dashboard once you have registered.
